(chore) Revise support objectives for Q3 2026 (#18081)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/support/objectives.mdx

##### 2.3 Improve the customer support experience and sidebar

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Ben Lea" photo />

**Objective:** Focus on the Conversations experience from the customer side, starting with the support sidebar — currently a long, unwieldy scroll of tickets that needs fixing. We'll know this is working when customers have a clearer, faster experience raising and following up on tickets.

##### 2.4 Feedback recordings in the Conversations ticket flow

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Luke Belton" photo />

**Objective:** Get Loom-style feedback recordings into the Conversations ticket-raising flow, building on the work started in Toronto — making it easier for customers to raise a ticket and giving us richer context up front. We'll know this is working when customers can attach a feedback recording when raising a ticket in Conversations.

##### 2.5 Improve account impersonation

**Owner:** <TeamMember name="Steven Shults" photo />

**With:** <TeamMember name="Xander Jones" photo /> on switching QoL work

> **Objective:** Make impersonation faster and less clunky. The main new piece is adding MCP impersonation to HogDesk, so we can investigate complex tickets faster; if time allows, we'll extend it to PostHog Code and Conversations. Alongside this, Xander will finish work on switching between impersonated users in the same org. We'll know this is working when engineers can get into an impersonated MCP session without the current clunky re-auth, and switching users is quick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Objective:** Make impersonation faster and less clunky. The main new piece is adding MCP impersonation to HogDesk, so we can investigate complex tickets faster; if time allows, we'll extend it to PostHog Code and Conversations. Alongside this, Xander will finish work on switching between impersonated users in the same org. We'll know this is working when engineers can get into an impersonated MCP session with a less clunky re-auth than the impersonation-toolkit steps, and switching users is quicker.
```
